feat: expose UDS Core config as native Zarf values (#2762)
defenseunicorns/uds-core: docs/concepts/configuration-and-packaging/package-values.mdx

- A `zarf-values.yaml` for defaults
- A `zarf-values.schema.json` for validation

> The schema should follow [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/). Consider using `uds zarf dev generate-schema` to generate it from the package definition, chart values, and value mappings.

Reviewer: I think we can suggest this more harder.
```suggestion
The schema should follow [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/). You should use `uds zarf dev generate-schema` to generate it from the package definition, chart values, and value mappings.
```

Author: I like it, making this change!

```yaml title="zarf-values.yaml"
uds-nginx-config:
  global:

>     domain: uds.dev

Reviewer 2: I think this example portrays the wrong thing maybe? Shouldn't it just be:
```yaml
global:
  domain: uds.dev
```
(not nested under `uds-nginx-config`)

Author: Thanks for calling this out.  I think actually I revert this after looking more closely. This doc is more general Package guidance.  The global convention we're adding for zarf packages for our layers here.  I'm not sure if it's a convention we're necessarily wanting to suggest in the scope of a package for a single application?

Reviewer 2: I think the `global` guidance still makes sense especially for something like `domain`. I know @Racer159 was mentioning the potential for `global` to be handled in a special way in the bundle context, similar to how the [`shared` key works currently](https://docs.defenseunicorns.com/cli/how-to-guides/use-bundle-overrides/#steps:~:text=Use%20the%20shared%20key%20to%20apply%20a%20variable%20to%20every%20package%20in%20the%20bundle%20without%20repeating%20it%20per%2Dpackage%3A). In that case you'd want to set `global.domain` once for you bundle, and have it propagate to all the `global.domain` values for every package.

Author: moved to root and updated schema, mapping and added a little one line note
